1. The cumulative distribution function of the random variable Y is
\[
F_Y(y)=
\begin{cases}
0 & y < 0,\\
y/4 & 0\leq y\leq 4,\\
1 & y > 4.
\end{cases}
\]Calculate the following probabilities:
   1. \(P[Y\leq - 1]\)
   2. \(P[Y\leq 1]\)
   3. \(P[2 < Y\leq 3]\)
   4. P[Y > 1.5]
> **答案**
> 1. $P[Y\leq - 1]=F_Y(-1)=0$
> 2. $P[Y\leq 1]=F_Y(1)=1/4$
> 3. $P[2 < Y\leq 3]=F_Y(3)-F_Y(2)=3/4 - 2/4=1/4$
> 4. $P[Y > 1.5]=1 - P[Y\leq 1.5]=1 - F_Y(1.5)= 5/8$

2. Random variable \(X\) has probability density function
\[
f_X(x)=
\begin{cases}
cxe^{-x/2}&x\geq0\\
0& \text{otherwise}
\end{cases}
\]Find the following:
   1. the constant \(c\)
   2. the CDF \(F_X(x)\)
   3. \(P[0\leq X\leq4]\)
   4. \(P[- 2\leq X\leq2]\)
> **答案**
> 1. $\because 1=\int_{-\infty}^{\infty}f_X(x)dx=\int_{0}^{\infty}cxe^{-x/2}dx=-2cxe^{-x/2}\big|_{0}^{\infty}+\int_{0}^{\infty}2ce^{-x/2}dx=-4ce^{-x/2}\big|_{0}^{\infty}=4c$
> \(\therefore c = 1/4\ \quad , \quad f_X(x)=\begin{cases}(x/4)e^{-x/2}&x\geq0,\\0& \text{otherwise.}\end{cases}\)
> 2. $\because F_X(x)=\int_{0}^{x}f_X(y)dy=\int_{0}^{x}\frac{y}{4}e^{-y/2}dy=-\frac{y}{2}e^{-y/2}\big|_{0}^{x}+\int_{0}^{x}\frac{1}{2}e^{-y/2}dy=1 - \frac{x}{2}e^{-x/2}-e^{-x/2}$
> $\therefore F_X(x)=\begin{cases}1-(\frac{x}{2}+1)e^{-x/2}&x\geq0\\0& \text{otherwise}\end{cases}$
> 3. \(P[0\leq X\leq4]=F_X(4)-F_X(0)=1 - 3e^{-2}\)
> 4. \(P[-2\leq X\leq2]=F_X(2)-F_X(-2)=1 - 2e^{-1}\) 

3. A six - sided die is rolled and observe the roll. Let $N_i$ denote the event that the roll is $i$. Let $O$ denote the roll of the die is odd - numbered. Let $D_j$ denote the event that the roll is less than $j$.
   1. What is the sample space? Determine the elements of the events $O$ and $D_5$.
   2. What is $P(N_3|D_5)$, the conditional probability that 3 is rolled given that the roll is less than 5?
   3. What is the conditional probability that the roll is greater than 3 given that the roll is odd?
   4. What is $P(D_4|O)$, the conditional probability that the roll is less than 4 given that the roll is odd?
   5. What is $P(O|D_4)$, the conditional probability that the roll is odd given it is less than 4.
> **答案**
> 1. $\Omega=\{1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6\}$
> $O = \{1, 3, 5\}$
> $D_5=\{1, 2, 3, 4\}$
> 2. $P(N_3|D_5)=\frac{P(N_3\cap D_5)}{P(D_5)}=\frac{P(N_3)}{P(D_5)}=\frac{\frac{1}{6}}{\frac{4}{6}}=0.25$ 
> 3. $A = \{4, 5, 6\}$，$P(A|O)=\frac{P(A\cap O)}{P(O)}=\frac{P(\{5\})}{P(O)}=\frac{\frac{1}{6}}{\frac{3}{6}}=\frac{1}{3}$ 
> 4. $P(D_4|O)=\frac{P(D_4\cap O)}{P(O)}=\frac{P(\{1, 3\})}{P(O)}=\frac{\frac{2}{6}}{\frac{3}{6}}=\frac{2}{3}$ 
> 5. $P(O|D_4)=\frac{P(O\cap D_4)}{P(D_4)}=\frac{P(\{1, 3\})}{P(D_4)}=\frac{\frac{2}{6}}{\frac{3}{6}}=\frac{2}{3}$ 

4. A company has three machines $A_1$, $A_2$, and $A_3$ making $1k\Omega$ resistors. Resistors within $50\Omega$ of the nominal value are considered acceptable. It has been observed that 70% of the resistors produced by $A_1$, 80% by $A_2$ and 60% by $A_3$ are acceptable. Each hour, machine $A_1$, $A_2$, and $A_3$ produce 3000, 2000, 5000 resistors, respectively. All of the resistors are mixed together at random in one bin and packed for shipment.
   1. What is the probability that the company ships an UNACCEPTABLE resistor?
   2. What is the probability that the unacceptable resistor comes from machine 3?
> **答案**
> 1. 已知 $P(A_1)=0.3$，$P(A_2)=0.2$，$P(A_3)=0.5$
> $P(\text{acceptable}|A_1) = 0.7$，$P(\text{unacceptable}|A_1)= 0.3$
> $P(\text{acceptable}|A_2) = 0.8$，$P(\text{unacceptable}|A_2)= 0.2$
> $P(\text{acceptable}|A_3) = 0.6$，$P(\text{unacceptable}|A_3)= 0.4$
> $\therefore P(\text{unacceptable})=P(\text{unacceptable}|A_1)P(A_1)+P(\text{unacceptable}|A_2)P(A_2)+P(\text{unacceptable}|A_3)P(A_3)=0.3\times0.3 + 0.2\times0.2+0.4\times0.5=0.33$
> 2. $P(A_3|\text{unacceptable})=\frac{P(\text{unacceptable}|A_3)P(A_3)}{P(\text{unacceptable})}=\frac{0.4\times0.5}{0.33}=\frac{20}{33}$ 

5. The random variable $V$ has the PMF
\[
P_V(v)=\begin{cases}
cv^2 & v = 1,2,3,4\\
0 & \text{otherwise}
\end{cases}
\]
   1. Determine $c$.
   2. Find the probability that $V$ is even.
   3. Find $P[V > 2]$.
   4. Find $E[V]$.
   5. Given $w = 2v+1$, find $P_W(w)$ and $E[W]$.
> **答案**
> 1. $\because 1=\sum_{v = 1}^{4}cv^2=c\times(1^2 + 2^2+3^2 + 4^2)=c\times 30$
> $\therefore c=\frac{1}{30}$
> 2. $P(\text{V is even})=P_V(2)+P_V(4)=\frac{1}{30}\times2^2+\frac{1}{30}\times4^2=\frac{2}{3}$
> 3. $P(V>2)=P_V(3)+P_V(4)=\frac{1}{30}\times3^2+\frac{1}{30}\times4^2=\frac{5}{6}$ 
> 4. $E[V]=\sum\limits_{v = 1}^{4}v\times P_V(v)=\sum\limits_{v = 1}^{4}v\times\frac{1}{30}v^2=\frac{1}{30}\times(1^3 + 2^3+3^3 + 4^3)=\frac{10}{3}$
> 5.  $P_W(w)=\begin{cases}\frac{1}{30} & w = 3\\\frac{4}{30} & w=5\\\frac{9}{30}&w=7\\\frac{16}{30}&w=9\\0 & \text{otherwise}\end{cases}$
> $E[W]=2E[V]+1=\frac{23}{3}$ 

6. In a wireless automatic meter reading system, a base station sends out a wake - up signal to nearby electric meters. On hearing the wake - up signal, a meter transmits a message indicating the electric usage. Each message is repeated eight times.
   1. If a single transmission of a message is successful with probability $p$, what is the PMF of $N$, the number of successful message transmissions?
   2. $I$ is an indicator random variable such that $I = 1$, if at least one message is transmitted successfully; otherwise $I = 0$. Find the PMF of $I$ and $E[I]$.
> **答案**
> 1. $\because N \sim B(n = 8,p)$
> $\therefore P_N(n)=\binom{8}{n}p^n(1 - p)^{8 - n}$，其中 $n = 0,1,\cdots,8$
> 2. $P_I(i)=\begin{cases}(1 - p)^8, & i = 0\\1-(1 - p)^8, & i = 1\end{cases}$ 
> $E[I]=0\times P_I(0)+1\times P_I(1)=1-(1 - p)^8$

7. A packet received by your smart phone is error - free with probability 0.8, independent of any other packet.
   1. Out of 10 packets received, let $X$ equal the number of packets received with errors. What is the PMF of $X$?
   2. What is the probability that there are more than 2 packets received with errors?
> **答案**
> 1. $P_X(x)=\binom{10}{x}(0.2)^x(0.8)^{10 - x}$
> 2. $P[x>2]=1 - P[0]-P[1]-P[2]=1-\binom{10}{0}(0.2)^0(0.8)^{10}-\binom{10}{1}(0.2)^1(0.8)^{9}-\binom{10}{2}(0.2)^2(0.8)^{8}$

8. The number of database queries processed by a computer in any 10 - second interval is 5. 
   1. What is the probability that there will be no queries processed in a 10 - second interval? 
   2. What is the probability that two queries will be processed in a 2 - second interval?
> **答案**
> 1. $P(X = 0)=\frac{5^{0}e^{-5}}{0!}=e^{-5}$
> 2. $P(X = 2)=\frac{1^{2}e^{-1}}{2!}=\frac{e^{-1}}{2}$

9. If the stopping point $X$ of the spinning wheel experiment was a uniform random variable with PDF
\[
f_X(x)=\begin{cases}
1 & 0\leq x < 1,\\
0 & \text{otherwise.}
\end{cases}
\]Find the expected stopping point $E[X]$ of the pointer.
> **答案**
> $E[X]=\int_{-\infty}^{\infty}xf_X(x)dx=\int_{0}^{1}x dx = 1/2\text{ meter}$

10. The probability density function of the random variable $Y$ is
\[
f_Y(y)=\begin{cases}
3y^2/2 & - 1\leq y\leq 1,\\
0 & \text{otherwise.}
\end{cases}
\]Find the following:
       1. the expected value $E[Y]$
       2. the second moment $E[Y^2]$
       3. the variance $\text{Var}[Y]$
       4. the standard deviation $\sigma_Y$
> **答案**
> 1. $E[Y]=\int_{-\infty}^{\infty}yf_Y(y)dy=\int_{-1}^{1}\frac{3}{2}y^3dy=\frac{3}{8}y^4\big|_{-1}^{1}=0$
> 2. $E[Y^2]=\int_{-\infty}^{\infty}y^2f_Y(y)dy=\int_{-1}^{1}\frac{3}{2}y^4dy=\frac{3}{10}y^5\big|_{-1}^{1}=3/5$
> 3. $\text{Var}[Y]=E[Y^2]-(E[Y])^2 = 3/5$
> 4. $\sigma_Y=\sqrt{\text{Var}[Y]}=\sqrt{3/5}$