1. This course has 25 registered students whose indices are from 1 to 25. We randomly pick a lucky student for the exam exemption. Let $N_i$ denote the event that the lucky index is $i$. Let $O$ denote the odd - numbered lucky index. Let $D_j$ denote the event that the lucky index is less than $j$.
   1. What is the sample space? Determine the number of elements of the events $O$ and the elements of the events $D_5$.
   2. What is $P(N_{10}|D_{20})$, the conditional probability that index 10 is picked given that the lucky index is less than 20?
   3. What is the conditional probability that the index is greater than 26 given that the index is odd?
   4. What is $P(O|D_5)$, the conditional probability that the lucky index is odd given it is less than 5.
> **答案**
> 1. $\Omega = \{1,2,\cdots,25\}$
> $\because O=\{1,3,5, \cdots ,25\}$ ，$\therefore |O|=13$
> $D_5=\{1,2,3,4\}$
> 2. $P(N_{10}|D_{20})=\frac{P(N_{10}\cap D_{20})}{P(D_{20})}=\frac{P(N_{10})}{P(D_{20})}=\frac{\frac{1}{25}}{\frac{19}{25}}=\frac{1}{19}$ 
> 3. $P(\text{greater than 26}|\text{odd}) = 0$
> 4. $P(O|D_5)=\frac{P(O\cap D_5)}{P(D_5)}=\frac{P(\{1,3\})}{P(D_5)}=\frac{\frac{2}{25}}{\frac{4}{25}}=\frac{1}{2}$ 

2. In a Friday evening, a korean BBQ restaurant near Zijinagang is full with probability 0.95, independent of any other restaurant. A group of faculties decide to give it a try before going home.
   1. Let $X$ equal the number of restaurants visited until the poor faculties finally find a restaurant with an available table. What is the PMF of $X$?
   2. What is the probability that the first available table is at the fourth visited restaurant?
> **答案**
> 1. $P_X(x)=(0.95)^{x - 1}\times0.05$，$x = 1,2,\cdots$ 
> 2. $P(X = 4)=(0.95)^{3}\times0.05$ 

3. In EE 353X’s classroom, the average number of students arrive at the classroom between 9:50 am - 10:00 am in any 5 minutes interval is denoted as $\alpha = 6$ students. 
   1. What is the probability that there is no student arrive at the classroom in a 10 minutes interval? 
   2. What is the probability that two students arrive in a 30 seconds interval?
> **答案**
> $\because$ 10 分钟内平均到达人数 $\lambda_{1}=6\times2 = 12$
> $\therefore P(X = 0)=\frac{12^{0}e^{-12}}{0!}=e^{-12}$ 
> $\because$ 30 秒内平均到达人数 $\lambda_{2}=6\times\frac{30}{300}=0.6$
> $\therefore P(X = 2)=\frac{0.6^{2}e^{-0.6}}{2!}=0.18e^{-0.6}$  