1. Suppose we perform n independent trials of an experiment and we use the relative frequency $\hat{P}_n(A)$ to estimate $P[A]$. Find the smallest n such that $\hat{P}_n(A)$ is in a confidence interval of length 0.02 with confidence 0.999. 
> **答案**
> \(\because X_A\)是成功概率为\(P[A]\)的伯努利随机变量
> \(\therefore E[X_A] = P[A]\) ，\(\text{Var}[X_A] = P[A](1 - P[A])\)
> 又 \(\because E[\hat{P}_n(A)] = P[A]\) 
> 由弱大数定律得 \(P[|\hat{P}_n(A) - P[A]| < c] \geq 1 - \frac{P[A](1 - P[A])}{nc^2}\geq 1 - \frac{1}{4nc^2}\)
> 对于长度为\(0.02\)的置信区间，我们选择\(c = 0.01\)
> 则有 \(1 - \frac{1}{4n(0.01)^2} \geq 0.999 \)
> 解得 \(n\geq2.5\times10^6\)

2. Theorem 10.5(b) gives rise to statements we hear in the news, such as,
> Based on a sample of 1103 potential voters, the percentage of people supporting Candidate Jones is 58% with an accuracy of plus or minus 3 percentage points.

The experiment is to observe a voter at random and determine whether the voter supports Candidate Jones. We assign the value \(X = 1\) if the voter supports Candidate Jones and \(X = 0\) otherwise. The probability that a random voter supports Jones is \(E[X]=p\). In this case, the data provides an estimate \(M_n(X) = 0.58\) as an estimate of \(p\). What is the confidence coefficient \(1-\alpha\) corresponding to this statement? 
> **答案**
> \(\because X\)是参数为\(p\)的伯努利随机变量
> \(\therefore E[X] = p\) ，\(\text{Var}[X] = p(1 - p)\)
> \(\because P[|M_n(X) - p| < 0.03] \geq 1 - \frac{p(1 - p)}{n(0.03)^2} = 1 - \alpha \)
> \(\therefore \alpha = \frac{p(1 - p)}{n(0.03)^2} \leq \frac{0.25}{n(0.03)^2} = \frac{277.778}{n}=\frac{277.778}{1103}=0.25\)
> 所以置信系数 \(1 - \alpha \geq 0.75\)

3. Suppose \(X_i\) is the \(i\)th independent measurement of the length (in cm) of a board whose actual length is \(b\) cm. Each measurement \(X_i\) has the form \(X_i = b+Z_i\) , where the measurement error \(Z_i\) is a random variable with expected valuezero and standard deviation \(\sigma_Z = 1\) cm. Since each measurement is fairly inaccurate, we would like to use \(M_n(X)\) to get an accurate confidence interval estimate of the exact board length. How many measurements are needed for a confidence interval estimate of \(b\) of length \(2c = 0.2\) cm to have confidence coefficient \(1-\alpha=0.99\)? 
> **答案**
> \(\because E[X_i] = b\) ，\(\text{Var}[X_i] = \text{Var}[Z] = 1\)
> \(\therefore P[M_n(X) - 0.1 < b < M_n(X) + 0.1] \geq 1 - \frac{1}{n(0.1)^2} = 1 - \frac{100}{n}\geq 0.99\)
> 解得 \(n \geq 10,000\)

4. Let \(X(t)=R|\cos2\pi ft|\) be a rectified cosine signal having a random
amplitude \(R\) with the exponential PDF
\[f_R(r)=\begin{cases}\frac{1}{10}e^{-r/10}&r\geq0,\\0& \text{otherwise.}\end{cases}\tag{1}\]What is the PDF \(f_{X(t)}(x)\)?
> **答案**
> \(\because X(t)\geq0\)
> \(\therefore P[X(t)\leq x]=0\,\,\,(x<0)\) 
> 当 \(x\geq0\) 且 \(\cos2\pi ft>0\)时
> $P[X(t)\leq x]=P[R\leq x/|\cos2\pi ft|]=\int_{0}^{x/|\cos2\pi ft|}f_R(r)dr = 1 - e^{-x/10|\cos2\pi ft|}$
> 当 \(\cos2\pi ft\neq0\)时,有：
\[F_{X(t)}(x)=\begin{cases}0&x < 0,\\1 - e^{-x/10|\cos2\pi ft|}&x\geq0.\end{cases}\]
\[f_{X(t)}(x)=\frac{dF_{X(t)}(x)}{dx}=\begin{cases}\frac{1}{10|\cos2\pi ft|}e^{-x/10|\cos2\pi ft|}&x\geq0,\\0&\text{otherwise.}\end{cases}\]
当 \(\cos2\pi ft = 0\) 即 \(t=\pi/2 + k\pi\) 时
\(X(t)=0\)，\(\therefore f_{X(t)}(x)=\delta(x)\)

5. In a production line for 1000 Ω resistors, the actual resistance in ohms of each resistor is a uniform (950, 1050) random variable \(R\). The resistances of different resistors are independent. The resistor company has an order for 1% resistors with a resistance between 990 Ω and 1010 Ω. An automatic tester takes one resistor per second and measures its exact resistance. (This test takes one second.) The random process \(N(t)\) denotes the number of 1% resistors found in \(t\) seconds. The random variable \(T_r\) seconds is the elapsed time at which \(r\) 1% resistors are found.
   1. What is \(p\), the probability that any single resistor is a 1% resistor?
   2. What is the PMF of \(N(t)\)?
   3. What is \(E[T_1]\) seconds, the expected time to find the first 1% resistor?
   4. What is the probability that the first 1% resistor is found in exactly 5 seconds?
   5. If the automatic tester finds the first 1% resistor in 10 seconds, what is \(E[T_2|T_1 = 10]\), the conditional expected value of the time of finding the second 1% resistor? 
> **答案**
> 1. $\because f_R(r)=\begin{cases}0.01 & 950\leq r\leq1050 \\ 0 & \text{otherwise}\end{cases}$
> \(\therefore p = P[990\leq R\leq1010]=\int_{990}^{1010}(0.01)dr = 0.2\)
> 2. $P_{N(t)}(n)=\binom{t}{n}(0.2)^n(0.8)^{t - n}$
> 3. \(\because T_1\) 服从几何分布\((0.2)\)
> $ \therefore P_{T_1}(t)=\begin{cases}(0.8)^{t - 1}(0.2) & t = 1,2,\cdots \\ 0 & \text{otherwise}\end{cases}$
> \(\therefore E[T_1]=1/p = 5\) 。
> 4. \(P_{T_1}(5)=(0.8)^4(0.2)=0.08192\)
> 5. 注意，一旦找到第一个1%精度电阻，找到第二个1%精度电阻所需的额外试验次数仍然服从几何分布
> \(\therefore T_2 = T_1+T'\) ，其中 \(T'\) 与 \(T_1\) 独立且同分布
> $\therefore E[T_2|T_1 = 10]=E[T_1|T_1 = 10]+E[T'|T_1 = 10]=10+E[T'] = 10 + 5 = 15$

6. For a Bernoulli \((p)\) process \(X_n\), find the joint PMF of \(\mathbf{X} = [X_1\cdots X_n]'\). 
> **答案**
> 对于单个样本\(X_i\)，我们可以将伯努利概率质量函数（PMF）写成如下形式：
\[P_{X_i}(x_i)=\begin{cases}p^{x_i}(1 - p)^{1 - x_i}&x_i\in\{0,1\}\\0&\text{otherwise}\end{cases}\]当\(i = 1,\cdots,n\) 且\(x_i\in\{0,1\}\) 时，联合概率质量函数可写为
\[P_{\mathbf{X}}(\mathbf{x})=\prod_{i = 1}^{n}p^{x_i}(1 - p)^{1 - x_i}=p^{k}(1 - p)^{n - k}\]其中\(k = x_1+\cdots+x_n\) 。联合概率质量函数的完整表达式为
\[P_{\mathbf{X}}(\mathbf{x})=\begin{cases}p^{x_1+\cdots+x_n}(1 - p)^{n-(x_1+\cdots+x_n)}&x_i\in\{0,1\},i = 1,\cdots,n\\0&\text{otherwise}\end{cases}\] 